hi guys today we're gonna be making a
General Tso's chicken actually pretty
simple to make
firstly he is set up breading stations
have some flour egg and breadcrumb and
of course a chicken
i diced mine so just take a piece of
chicken dump it in the flour and then
the egg
and then the breadcrumbs it's about to
be really messy
put on a baking sheet lined with foil
and spray it with coconut oil when I
keep it in the oven for about 20 minutes
again drill goes by with sesame oil in
it together
now it's time to slowly Porter's Watson
right now is liquidy but just wait for
about four to five minutes and it will
be more syrupy and salty like you know
it gain more self
this how your chicken should look like
when it comes out of the oven you even
eat this as like maybe chicken nugget
now I'm just stirring the chicken I'll
just mix the chicken together mixture
every pick a chicken get some even an
ounce
- it was no green onion
and there you go general chicken